in this continent
Y
well I'm currently working on
finance in focus afi planned
work in finance a couple of years more
and then I would like to do a master's degree in
line and right now I'm working on
strategy and design of companies not
they would use the experience on this and it's
a related expertise and eventually
dedicate myself to the capital region I finished the
university in July of this year and
they happily hired me in procter and
gamble and panama right now I'm living
there since October of this year
I am currently a finance manager of
a chain of stores is a chain of
stores in the province and I have
project make this store chain
and grow up go to other cities
currently working in the room in the
finance transactions area
corporate throughout the university
I discovered that I want to focus my career and
my professional development in
finance and all the opportunity
to join the team in September
this year when my goals in the
long term is to be able to study abroad
topics related to biology and
ecology to be able to collaborate the good
management of natural resources
they were years of learning a level
strong demand of dawn and that
same as I found some friends
they want to trust what to do
works and with which to support it in
any time each end of class each
End of cycle does not create a friendship
so much with the teachers
this penalty is quite enough for you
of some courses I am from chiclayo and
I came here alone to Lima to study in the
university and incredible facts friends
who are like my brothers and apart from
that all the teachings with the
teachers the good friends I've
made the good relations that I made
with all of them when crossing the same
seminar is a boss and good is a
wonderful really learned a
he is the best economist of the
Peru and I will always say many memories
enzo darling there are very very very clever people
and it's a great knowledge center where
there is an opening idea , listen to us all
opinions and twice contacts that
really until the first day after
continue decided my advisor who was
fernando gonzález vigil really us
it helped a lot was always there for
us and really shows the
quality of teachers who have the
university and definitely teachers
very good they can be a teacher
left gonzález of economic policy
well he says to the best of the world
two companions
and well really like to think about the
future in the entity is Carlos, I know he's going
to be like that and a lot on the floor I wish